hi everyone I'm Jenny wish I'm a cute
and recently we have moved Bella into a
new bedroom and she needed some more
room she needed updating two more
between and Beyond phase and so we have
based everything around a super adorable
whimsical theme that we want to share
with you that we hope you will love as
much as we do this is what you see when
you walk into the room you can see her
skateboard under her couch there we
based everything around this photo wall
this is something that she really wanted
we saw this in Pottery Barn Teen I made
most of the pillows because it was
cheaper and the frames were stuff that
we already had laying around I just
painted and printed out our own things
to go in the frames and to the left
we've turned this part of the room into
her stage she absolutely loves this the
rug came from Target as well as the
chair we threw in all of her musical
instruments and amp and everything you
can see here and she absolutely loved
spending time in this area I think it
turned out pretty darn cute
okay for the bed we actually have an
antique bed all the bedding the duvet
and the sheets came from Pottery Barn
Teen the big heart on the wall I got in
an antique show this trunk was given to
me and it was actually green and so I
taped it off and spray-painted it and it
turned out super cute and then we just
added a whole bunch of accessories the
pillows I made them all but you can find
similar at Pottery Barn Teen if you're
looking for an old vintage typewriter
like this you can find them at antique
stores I picked this one up for about
$35 to the right of the bed you can see
that I painted a mural on the wall what
would a Genny room be without one
painted somewhere I had a lot of fun
with this and then you can also see that
Bella has also added her little
basketball hoop she plays that on a
regular basis finally we come full
circle around the room with this great
cupboard and hopefully you guys found
some inspiration and cute things in this
room thank you guys so much for watching
I would love to hear what your favorite
part of the room is and if you guys want
to know more about where we purchase
things beyond the antiques you can go to
show me cute calm and I will have all
that information there for you see you
next week bye